Hi this is the creator of this project, Guang Wei Too.
For any future uses of this project, I would like to walk you through.

The real game is in Urep Vr game_Data folder. The data is there too in text file.

The game collects participants data and game data, as a csv file in the UrepVRgame project folder.
You can go to excel or google spreadsheet and import to view the data.(Search it if you don't know how)

This game consist of 5 ball mechanics(check the research paper) to test player orientation in moving the terrain.
It is recommended to give participants a live walk through of how the controls work.

The left controller touchpad is movement equivalent to WASD
The right controller touchpad is for rotation, can only turn by holding left or right of touchpad
Any controller side grip buttons allows grabbing objects, must hold grip button to hold object or it will drop
(note:the grip buttons are shaped like pills on the side of controller)
Any controller triggers(buttons under controller) are used to select UI componenets(ex:play),
however in game the left trigger also creates a pop up window(a mechanic for finding the orange ball)

That's all for controls

So far it has 3 techniques built-in SingleNose, VisionSnapper, and None. These were the techniques I 
used for the test, which is from GingerVR github.

If you want to test a diffrent technique or just want to use a portion/modify this project. 
Please copy this project by removing the Temp and Library Folder.
Don't worry it's just to decrease the size of project for transfer. 
Unity will automatically recreate these deleted folders if you open the project from UnityHub.
Then turn it to a zip or rar file.
Now you can send it to your email or flash/USB to another computer.

My code is garbage and might not be readable, but please understand I was a undergrad making this with some tutorial hell.
Also some scripts are not mine such as XR and GingerVR. These are from diffrent creators or built-in for Unity. Please look them up since they have a better tutorial.
I will try to add comments on what is what, but worst case you might have to just remove/comment out most of my code and add your own.

Ok thanks cya hopefully.

